yes so as far as winning things out to
tell people you know a bit about how
you're using you to be right now cause
you to me you you've got to me and you
do have plans for other courses but you
to me is it really your end goal in this
year's research will give you a chance
to ask questions and second they were
taking a seat so glad to have ya so just
what are you doing with me right now
because just also into the recent issue
chosen not to be our Udinese promotions
so how is that playing into your
strategy of what you're looking for in
your you know what you're building in
your life right now
yeah I mean I also believe the closest
they have three main reasons one has
that kind of I don't like calling
passive income I'm not a big fan of that
way but it is a source of income but
that's a minor reason the two main
reasons firstly is reach so I've got a
message I believe is important to share
of got some support I wanna give to the
world but I can't get to the mall so an
online program has like the best current
way to get to as many people as possible
and coach them as best I can without
actually being there so it's also like a
legacy think if I died tomorrow their
programs on the air for forever you know
so whatever I've got the best of what I
got survives and hopefully get past all
the other things about my god it so
somebody comes to meet the coaching
after having done my program they are a
highly qualified person is somebody
knows exactly what I'm all about
they must like it because I've been
through the program one more than the
kind of person is gonna get so much out
of coaching you know they're going to be
what I call a light touch I get this
kind of all coaches get this kind of
guilt when someone so easy to work with
that doesn't even feel free to charge
them you know just like say three words
to them like yes got it nothing
unchanged but essentially the program
will qualify those peoples somebody goes
through the program like it thus are
right for me and this is also
what they're really saying is that the
kind of person is going to get shoes
value out of coaching the and I'm gonna
get so much joy working with the you
know so the program is actually part of
an overall funnel that leads to Kochi
you know it's a part of an overall fine
I will build my community follow the
right people and they said their price
point that excludes kind of person is
not willing to invest in something
that's why I wanted you to me
promotions because people going onto the
course but she's looking for a course
it's under $10 is not necessarily a kind
of person knows how to invest in
themselves come visit knows how to take
responsibility
someone's looking for their cheap deal
they usually come looking for a quick
fix this PC in my line of work this is
you know if I'm buying you know if I'm
buying a set of curtains or something
like that you know I'm gonna go to the
cheapest indications or whatever and the
same again with the impact there are
some people who literally don't have the
kind of money for the cause and this is
a way that they can get it but also
really I think if if you can't invest if
you can find a way to take risks and get
uncomfortable and investing in yourself
for my calls very difficult to do my
calls constantly promotes going out and
getting uncomfortable and taking risks
and doing things that you're not sure
how it's gonna work out and letting God
the safety net so it acts as a way of
Khan screen that I don't want someone to
go onto the course of this does nothing
for me of course it does nothing for you
it's an online video it's not going to
ship for you that's what you gonna do
after you watch the video that matters
so all of this kind of all of this kind
of it all works to constantly upgrade my
garden you know to create their
community that makes me feel like I'm
doing something important in the world
we're at about five minutes 23 are you
able to hang out for a bit more because
it's so nice to have somebody willing to
take a seat want to talk to you in a
nice to be able to get more than five
minutes and if there are other people
like to be able to ask questions as well
would you be okay okay thank you so much
for taking a seat go ahead what's your
question I just started
I know I can now move on their part of
that is I know mark but I just don't
know enough eject it or what I have any
confidence in my ability so you can't
have been that procrastination with the
fear of the final product data being
seen by people that kind of thing ya too
so let's have a look at the existence
huge there are so many people out there
right now with the course almost ready
for you to me or did they just chance do
their final step so what I what I'd like
to think about is the idea of there is
never gonna be a time when you don't
have these thoughts either a time with
your brain stop saying you're stupid and
you're not good enough and all that the
brain just does there it's a little
video flip through the Mac on the I'm
not gonna love story that we all have
enough kids so this isn't about turning
off their story is about learning how to
take action with their story playing in
your shit so if we look at say posting
the course on you to be as being this
kind of teen editing for fear that they
might seem so actually loaded up there
that people see it that's false fear
what would be a one entity in what would
be something is slightly uncomfortable
one out of 10 I guess let me rephrase
associates say when the stage read 10
out a teen is actually loading the cause
up onto you to me and letting people see
it right like this that's the most fear
and let's say five oK so that's ok so of
Tina Turner's completing the course and
loading it up so maybe a one entity is
just doing your next video does that
make sense
yes so what happens if we look at this
Final Cut final product will look at
this meeting the course on you to me and
we just go to hell no thats so
intimidating that so overwhelming that
thing is you can't get their calls are
new to me until the next videos done
anyway so you don't need to make the
decision about putting the calls up on
you know me at the stage anyway so to
think about it to focus on that as a
decision-making tools not really helpful
for you at this time it's the small
mixed it was after they are you free you
can buy on the whole thing if you want
it doesn't matter but saying I'm gonna
get causing me to get the divorce is a
big step but the thing is like we often
overwhelm ourselves with their final
product idea you know like once is done
and all the stuff that will happen
because of their but I always just use
that the next stage is just what is the
next day one small nicks did so what do
you think that is what they want a tea
next video on something I hadn't made a
video for just one show intros attempts
but haven't just been there are only
about three or four top except cover i
guess im just what I know I know that I
can help people that's what I want to do
so if you want to make your next video
with their topic be making as the actual
making of it you don't need to go
anywhere until their videos done there's
no further decisions to be made
yeah that's what I call quantum you
break things down into the smallest
parts and you realize that everything in
your life is Linnea one thing happens
after the other
which means that you're looking at Step
5 out a teen you're losing track of
12345 cannot happen until 12 37 states
who cannot happen to one happens as this
little it's very basic psychological
trick is actually ok I'm getting
overwhelmed because i'm looking at a
five routine which has so far beyond
what I'm capable now in my mind but a
101 I can do and so little ones done all
their stuff is fictional we knew it
doesn't exist that's just my mind's
worrying like it does going off into
space and future tripping the other
thing is I think that's really important
we talked about why so he made a comment
about them for is when the fear barriers
come up what's gonna get you through
those fear barriers as things like guilt
frustration and anger that's why I
really helps you get through fear not
happiness happiness doesn't give you the
power to get through sheer pleasure
doesn't fear the invades power you need
power to get through fear because fear
is like this strong painful feeling that
you need to be like I'm so passionately
angry about this num willing to feel
that pain like it's worth it so every
time you take that next step 1 revisit
why you're doing this and get a really
touch with you said to help people how
people watch what is it what pain are
you helping people was
being sick time people are sick all the
time because the food additives that
they're using their not eating I mean it
is literally it is for most people and
it doesn't have to be so we just that's
all they need to do is change 2013 just
needs to happen to something here dan
cause I got a little bit of background
on Teresa's while here so when you look
at how did his described authenticity
invulnerability and how he's come to
what he's doing now of course you could
I do to me
the group that he started coaching that
he's doing is based out of his own life
experience while the fact of the matter
is this course that Greece's talking
about here is this is pulled out of
someplace random oh just a minute to a
course on this there's a reason that's
what he's doing is green smoothie course
here and that's something that I think
also a reason to pull into what she's
doing with the course that she's
creating 13 so why are you doing where
did you come to your knowledge about
green smoothies the knowledge was it was
from the internet I did research and
then I started having a meeting then
whatever you wanna call it and I
actually realized that I was doing so
much better routes looking better and
then from there just wanted to do it
pretty much that's what I add that's
what I also I mean I did they had did
the research on the internet and then I
have followed it up with my own life